Before we dive deeper into the cache API, let's learn where we can use it.
Now on the MDN page, you see it's an experimental technology which means it's still getting worked on and
it's not supported by all browsers.
If we scroll down in this article and of course you can find a link to this article at the end of this
module,
if we scroll down,
besides a couple of examples, you see the browser compatibility table.
Now as you can see, support is ok-ish,
Chrome supports it and supports pretty much all the methods which are planned right now,
also on mobile but of course Internet Explorer and Safari are not supporting it.
Well they aren't even supporting service workers at the point of time I'm recording this at least, so this
isn't really a downside because we couldn't have used offline access or service workers for offline
access anyways.
Still, they are working on that too
and once they introduce service workers, they will probably also support the cache API,
so this is only a matter of time and with Chrome especially Chrome on mobile, we already have a vast
audience we can target and we can well use or we can try to improve the user experience for that audience
which is quite significant.
So this is the browser support right now,
definitely worth implementing it
and I'm going to repeat this throughout the course, just with all the other features you learned,
this is an incremental enhancement. Of course, it's not running in all browsers but for the users who
are able to use it, you enhance your web applications, for the other users, well they are just back to
the world which is already pretty normal,
you can't access a web page without internet connection,
too bad but not the end of the world.
So that's the browser support
and with that, why don't we dive into the cache API and simply start using it?